DOC-829: toolbar_sticky_offset (#1985)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes59.md

The following new features were added for the {{site.productname}} 5.9 release.

### New `toolbar_sticky_offset` option for customizing sticky toolbars

> The new `toolbar_sticky_offset` option was added to allow the toolbar to stick at a specific offset from the top or bottom of the view depending on the toolbar mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `toolbar_sticky_offset` option allows the main toolbar to "dock" at a specified offset from the top or bottom of the view, depending on the toolbar location (set using the [`toolbar_location` option]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_location)).
```

> For information on the `toolbar_sticky` option, see: [User interface options - toolbar_sticky]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_sticky).

Reviewer 2: This should link to the documentation for the new setting instead, which needs to be added as part of this PR. 

So we need an include added here (directly after the toolbar_sticky include): [editor-apperance.md](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/main/configure/editor-appearance.md) and then a new setting file added here: [configuration](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/tree/main/_includes/configuration) (see [toolbar_sticky.md](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/main/_includes/configuration/toolbar_sticky.md) for an example). We'll also need the nav entry added here: [nav.yml](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/main/_data/nav.yml#L128)
